hide anybody cash he did brother Luke a
minute buddy Cadillac grow more you i
mended footlocker a great talk that's
what he called me to do i need i need a
chitchat collecting hi dream on the crew
I hate it but a lot I minute but it's
your boy that's it call me member
the babies open and covers see you
nothing but rats and roaches a lot of
stuff something had to be covered my
mind straight blind scratch but found
nothing but surface I couldn't find the
dog my existence was given before
envisioned predestined full rival my
path morning survival was vital that I
envisioned my calling separation
patiently I embrace it is killing me
still I take I'm in this game for
the long haul watch me bring this world
and i won't fall to the black dog i'ma
bring this world and i won't bother Jay
Z I'll created and His image and
likeness and no matter what you sayin
I'm restoring his righteousness I'm
God's glass homie DAP human snacks I
just speak the word and refit and I'm
promised to have it and no matter how
you look I'm afraid of your faces I've
been called for this is anointed and
grace hey
what a chance is it brother Luke I'm
anybody Cadillac grow more to come iron
and it but alive I meant it for the
truth that's what he called me to do I
need it but cash in it for the I needed
for the Cadillac bra more the crew i
knitted funnel i omitted shooters here
that's weird me too too many times of my
black bumper struggles growing up was a
hustle my past tried to make me feel
worthless mrs. purpose of certified
change scratch profile nothing but
mother hatred and pain yeah see I will
link in new New and my reflection only
25 rejection this image I start
accepting leading me to perfection i'm
bleeding from this correction patiently
I embrace to this chilling beastility
I'm in this game for the long haul
watch me bring this word to the black
dog with a catch get babe what is
slanted I'm watchdog ya see I created in
His image and likeness and no matter
what you're saying I'm enjoying his
righteousness I'm God's glass homie
death your stats I needed for the fame
at night now for the cabbage and no
matter what you say I'm never shutting
my mind to every knee brown east west
north and south hey anybody cash it
brother Luke I need it buddy Cadillac
bro Morty cool I need it but lies a
minute buddy
that's what he called me to you I needed
buddy James anybody knew I needed for
the Cadillac bro more than cool I many
but a lot I'm ready for the truth that's
what he called me to you Jim sheboy
big shadow one more time baby believe in
the gods image hey Tommy ran you did it
on this one baby millennium
production another level music baby
I'll do them housebreak hold the
line baby stay with me that's real
k talk on boy
I need it for the cash on boy
ha
bye
you